Softwrapping improvements (#5893)
helix-editor/helix: book/src/configuration.md

| `rulers` | List of column positions at which to display the rulers. Can be overridden by language specific `rulers` in `languages.toml` file. | `[]` |
| `bufferline` | Renders a line at the top of the editor displaying open buffers. Can be `always`, `never` or `multiple` (only shown if more than one buffer is in use) | `never` |
| `color-modes` | Whether to color the mode indicator with different colors depending on the mode itself | `false` |

> | `text-width` | Set the maximum line width for text wrapping (either softwrapping, or hardwrapping with `:reflow`) | `80` |

Author: Or maybe we can go back to having it always defined and rely on the new soft-wrap.wrap-at-text-width to ignore it.

> | `text-width` | Set the maximum line width for text wrapping (either softwrapping, or hardwrapping with `:reflow`) | `80` |

Author: That would make things a bit simpler to understand, i think

> | `text-width` | Set the maximum line width for text wrapping (either softwrapping, or hardwrapping with `:reflow`) | `80` |

Author: i have re-used the existing text. As for documenting the default behaviour, i think making `text-width` always defined in the editor config will make things way simpler to understand

> | `text-width` | Set the maximum line width for text wrapping (either softwrapping, or hardwrapping with `:reflow`) | `80` |

Reviewer: Hmm I am not sure about this. What if I just want to wrap at `text-width` for some languages but not for others. That wouldn't be possible anymore. We could add `soft-wrap-at-text-width` to the language config too I suppose.

> | `text-width` | Set the maximum line width for text wrapping (either softwrapping, or hardwrapping with `:reflow`) | `80` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `text-width` | Maximum line length. Used for the `:reflow` command and soft-wrapping if `soft-wrap.wrap_at_text_width` is set | `80` |
```

Options for soft wrapping lines that exceed the view width

| Key                  | Description                                                  | Default |
| ---                  | ---                                                          | ---     |
| `enable`             | Whether soft wrapping is enabled.                            | `false` |
| `max-wrap`           | Maximum free space left at the end of the line.              | `20`    |
| `max-indent-retain`  | Maximum indentation to carry over when soft wrapping a line. | `40`    |
| `wrap-indicator`     | Text inserted before soft wrapped lines, highlighted with `ui.virtual.wrap` | `↪ `    |

> | `wrap-at-text-width` | Soft wrap at `text-width` instead of using the full viewport size. | `true` |

Reviewer: The default was changed to `false` the documentation needs to be updated too
```suggestion
| `wrap-at-text-width` | Soft wrap at `text-width` instead of using the full viewport size. | `false` |
```
